[Autogenerated] So if we try and build our code
with the vertical code separation, I e e.
We build it to support the physical design.
In that case, our code layout much is the physical layout.
So we have a web project.
We have a services project.
We have a database project, and because of that,
it's obvious which code goes away.
So we have a services project.
We know all the services code and a all the code that we
deployed to a service TLS into that project on the same
for the other tears as well.
What this means for our code is that we end up with maybe three projects.
We end up with a repository project to handle the database access.
We end up with the services project to handle the service layer on.
We end up with a web project that deals with just the web to itself.
There are benefits of this.
There's some separation of concerns that the concerns were
separating are the physical concerns off the deployment.
So we're breaking this down into tears on we know
which project maps onto which tier.
So there's an easy mapping off layers to services,
so if your DevOps team comes along and says,
I want to move all my services to run on some remote machine
somewhere that you know exactly where the projects live.
You know exactly what that project is called on.
It's relatively straightforward to deploy that single project
with all the services onto a single to onto a single physical
location structure is easy to understand.
We have three projects.
I mean, how hard can it be?
Your web project?
The services Project and a database project.
It's a very easy to understand project structure on everybody.
Does it and a putting this in quotes?
So the fact that everybody does it doesn't necessarily mean it's good practice.
But typically, when you walk up to a project customer,
practice says to create the projects that map the physical tears,
she could walk up to any project.
I know exactly where anything is within that project.
So what about when we separate the code horizontally?
In this case,
our code layout matches our logical layout and not our physical layout.
So we have one project per feature per component that we want to build,
So here we have a web project.
We have our database access projects that would be a repository.
Project on Entities Project on We have this project
inside here called jacket articles, so that's one of our components.
That's one of our features.
So as well as having the physical layout for our code,
we have this logical structure to our application.
So we have one project per feature that we'd like to build on.
This is benefits.
Now we do have a separation of concerns.
And a concerns in this case are the features on the
components that we're trying to build to.
Each project becomes its own concern.
Now, of course,
we are clashing with the concern of putting projects across their own tears.
But there are other ways of dealing with that.
If we do this, I would.
Developers are only working on one thing,
so developers are working on a feature.
They don't have to check out the web project on the Repository
Project and a services project to do one single thing.
They can check out the future project on work inside
our project to build that feature.
Hopefully,
there are fewer issues and source controlled just because
it's easier to manage when we're checking things in when
we're trying to do commits.
We should have fewer issues When we do that.
It's also much easier to see the whole functionality.
I could walk up to a project from its structure.
I can see the list of features the list of components of the project has.
I don't have to delve into the services project on Try to
find all the Things Inside services.
I don't have to delve inside the database project on Find
all the things that touch the database.
I can see a single feature in place.
So there are some drawbacks to this.
It's not pure.
It's hard to separate some things out.
So, for example,
the web here we have to build the web here is a single piece of code.
It's much harder to put the controller code, for example, into its own project.
It's much harder to put the view code into its own project,
so generally we put the web code into his own single web project.
Same is true with the database code.
These entities need to be in their own project as
those entities are interrelated.
It's much harder to have the entities scattered across project as
you end up with too many Inter project references,
or you might end up with circle references across project,
so we tend to put the entities in the their own project as well.
But apart from that we can separate things into their own projects,
it's also much harder separate these into physical layers.
If I want to deploy, for example, all of the services onto a new machine,
I have to be able to deploy all the project jar files onto that machine.
We have multiple jar files deployed rather than a single jar
file deployed that may or may not be an issue,
depending on exactly how your organization works.
This isn't standard practice, so, as we said previously,
typically in an application,
we break the application down into projects that map the physical tears.
You don't often see projects mapped out into components.
It is happening more, but it's still not quite custom practice yet,
so you might get some pushback from other members of the team.
Other members of your organization when you try and do this.
So let's take a look at some code.
Let's take a look at what the project we're going to build is on. Let's take a look at how we're going to build our project app